[USING] rework Bitcoin Full Node (#735)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/using-wasabi/BitcoinFullNode.md

## How does Wasabi use your Bitcoin full node

> Wasabi currently has a work in progress partial Bitcoin full node integration.

Reviewer: IMO we should specify `Knots` here, most people might think it is `Core`.

Author: Well, my thinking is that the **integration** is a full node [for example, can be Core OR Knots on remote computer] but the **built-in** is Knots specifically.

Reviewer: The integration is not any full node, it is knots specifically.
The work in progress will allow the built-in Knots to generate the block filters, which is not true for Core.

Author: Yes, this is true, but for a long time now, Core is used for filters / fee estimation / mempool etc. 

the verification is only for Knots though.

But I get your point, and I'll commit and merge it.

Author: ```suggestion
Wasabi currently has a work in progress partial Bitcoin Knots integration.
```

Further, your full node is used to estimate the current mining fee level based on the bitcoind `smartfee` algorithm.
Your full node is not used to broadcast your transactions, as this is done through a random peer-to-peer node with a new tor identity, which is better for your [network level privacy](/why-wasabi/NetworkLevelPrivacy.md).

> The future goal is that the local full node is used to generate the BIP 158 block filters from the verified blocks.

Reviewer: I missed this before, I think we should precise that we are talking about Knots here also.
```suggestion
The future goal is that the local full node (Knots) is used to generate the BIP 158 block filters from the verified blocks.
```
